hi my name is Ted norcal tattoo purposes
videos that help educate you with tattoo
aftercare remember you have to wear this
for life and you want to look good hope
you enjoy your new tattoo has been done
under clean professional conditions
using the add most modern stylization
techniques and the finest tattooing
pigment available now it's up to you to
take proper care of it the chances of
infection or damage to your new tattoo
is minimal if aftercare instructions are
followed correctly before cleaning or
touching the tattooed areas wash your
hands thoroughly with soap and warm
water and treat your new tattoos as you
would an open wound leave on the bandage
that your tattoo was wrapped with for
one hour this bandage is there to keep
any airborne bacteria and other
contaminants in the environment from
invading your world once the hour has
passed carefully remove the bandage if
it's dick gently wet any applied bandage
and carefully pull it off as not to
damage any scab or dried matter what you
know please don't force its removal as
this can really damage your new tattoo I
don't hate my job so on Beman it's even
like after removing the bandage gently
cleanse the area with mild soap and
water then rinse do not scrub the tattoo
or rub for the wash cloth or towel if
possible try to avoid spraying the
tattoo directly with water use your hand
to gently pour the water over that
tattoo as you're rinsing any rounds now
hospital that was nice
right after rinsing pat dry with a clean
dry towel before doing anything else let
the tattoo dry completely this will take
approximately 10 minutes it's like a
paradise cell phone now that your tattoo
is dry lightly apply a thin layer of
acceptable aftercare product we
recommend aquaphor by eucerin Tyrell or
any other non fragrance lotion in any
specialty tattoo products such as tattoo
goo when applying the ointment to your
tattoo start from the outer edge and
slowly make your way to the center only
apply enough oil to make the skin shiner
for the next three to five days to make
sure the tattoo is kept very clean and
apply oarsmen three to four times a day
do not allow the tattoo to become drives
if the scat forms do not pick at it
allow it to heal on its own for those of
you is an apple core we recommend that
you change to a non fragrance lotion
after seven days of use it is completely
normal to have ink leak out of the
tattoo in the first couple of days so be
careful for this might damage your
clothes and the sheets on your bed don't
panic if you have a reaction to your
aftercare product you may be sensitive
to one of the ingredients this can
happen but it's not the end of the world
the skin can react in a number of
different ways from redness to irritable
itchy skin to forming white pimples like
spots around the tattoo if you have any
of these reactions stop using your
aftercare product the reaction should
settle down 24 to 72 hours after
discontinued use if you are still
experiencing a problem after 14 days
there is a possibility that you're
allergic to the ink at this point please
call your tattoo artist to seek advice
regularly moisturizing a tattoo helps to
keep the skin soft and the colors bright
healing generally takes about 14 days
with a normal healthy adult as it heals
expect killing similar to a sunburned
skin it needs to be expected but don't
pick or scratch at the tattoo this could
really really damage it once your tattoo
has healed remember to use sunblock when
spending time outdoors even here in
Humboldt County it is important to avoid
swimming hot tubs or any type of soaking
for at least 30 days after getting your
tattoo most importantly we recommend
that you always wash your hands before
touching or adding ointment to your
tattoo your goal is to keep the tattoo
as clean as possible in order to avoid
an infection we also recommend not to
use other people's after care products
in order to avoid cross-contamination
this way your tattoo with your properly
and look it's best if you have any
questions at all please don't hesitate
to give us a call at seven on seven a 22
28 28 and we will do our best to address
any concerns that you may have so some
of the stuff you saw videos a bit
exaggerated its to prove a point so if
you have any problems with your tattoo
please come down and see us at norcal
tattoo and we take it very serious and
so should you I am
born and bred beneath enormous red wood
for its bed by snow-topped peaks and
creeks were still had a few show stop
freaks I'm tweaked up here dead but they
walk on their feet through the doggone
street still the ass melons wait through
the fall the cats and dogs the old slow
conifers being turned two logs couple
Tunes cup of coffee waking up like a
crescent moon shining salty oh we're in
the earth not scared or hurt now worried
what shirt I'm gonna wear to work I
don't hate my job so I'm beaming it's
even like I'm dreaming feeling great
she's snow on top and he looks so cold
but it's a demon from home and not
consume the whole that's revealing my
soul than what is real and I know it's
meant to be and peace differently and
these have far as i can see flowers move
through the gloom if you let them